docs/index.md, before:

---
title: My Android project
description: "Trust me, it'll be cool"
layout: default
---

## Summary

Replace this paragraph with one or more paragraphs summarizing the purpose and operation of the Android app you propose to develop in this project.

## Intended users

Write a bullet list here, including at least 2 different types of intended users. Make it reasonably specific; simply saying "Anyone who likes games" (for example) is not sufficiently specific.

For each type of intended user, include at least 1 _user story_. A user story is usually just 1 simple sentence (no more than 2 sentences), in the voice of the intended user, stating a specific task that the user needs to perform, and the benefit that will be obtained. The simplest user stories take the form 

> As a <type of intended user (_who_)> I want to <goal (_what_)> so that <benefit (_why_).

Please avoid writing too much for the user story. In particular, if the way the user story is written makes it difficult to see the _who_, _what_, and _why_, then you probably need to re-write it more directly. (On the other hand, a user story should not simply be a re-statement of the intended user description.)

Here is one (silly) example of an intended user, along with a user story. Please note not only the conceptual structure, but the Markdown syntax used.

* People who like to use randomness in their decision making.

    > As someone who enjoys randomness in my life, I need an app that lets me flip a virtual coin or roll one or more virtual dice, so that I can base my decisions on randomness, without having to carry coins or dice in my pockets.

## Functionality

List (using a bullet list&mdash;or ordered list, if order is relevant) the key functional aspects that will be provided by the app&mdash;i.e. tell us what the user will be able to do using the app. This should not simply be a re-statement of the [summary](#summary), but should instead provide a more specific articulation of the functionality and user experience. 

## Persistent data

List, in general terms and using a bullet list, what content will be stored on the client side. This should include any information that users of your system would expect to be maintained (i.e. without connection to a server) across multiple sessions of use. 
    
## Device/external services

If the client component will need to access special services of the device (e.g. sensors, contacts, messaging), list them here using a bullet list. Also, if the client component will need to access already-existing external services (e.g. real-time weather data, Open Movie Database, Open Trivia Database), those should also be listed here; any such references to external services should include links to the main page or API description page for the service.

## Stretch goals/possible enhancements 

If you can identify functional elements of the software that you think might not be achievable in the scope of the project, but which would nonetheless add significant value if you were able to include them, list them here. For now, we recommend listing them in order of complexity/amount of work, from the least to the most.

Commit message:

Edit project summary and description

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Timed calls
description: "You wont be waking up late again "
layout: default
---

## Summary

_Timed calls_ is an app, that will allow you make late night calls with that special someone, if both of you fall asleep together on the call don't worry timed calls will end your call for you. You will never again wake up late.

## Intended users

* People who are in a long distance relationship.

    > As a person who is in a long distance relationship, I want to be able to have late night call with my significant other and be able to fall asleep, not worry that my alarm clock wont go off.

* Parents who travel a lot for work and have little ones at home.

    > As a mother and a business woman I want to be able to video call my child until we both fall asleep together, not having to worry I wont wake up on time for the morning meeting.

## Functionality

* The User will be able set the timer at the being of the call.

* Timed Calls will send a minute warning before the call ends.

* The User is able to use Timed Calls on other apps that content to their contacts.

## Persistent data

* Timed Calls will notify you if you would want the call to be timed when its past 8p.m.

* Timed Calls notify you to have access to your contacts.

* Timed Calls will notify you if next time this contact calls you it will automatically set the previous time you have set.


## Device/external services

* Contacts

## Stretch goals/possible enhancements

* Other apps that have calling and video call.
